go with Tobi YouTube this time I will
not work alright first of all see these
gloves they're piece of
worst gloves ever yeah so let's just
don't lose play I got these warrior
gloves hide put know whatever the
it is get it it's best all right all
right this is the trick I'm gonna be
showing you I'm be showing you how to do
the side wall trick alright got my
gloves
alright this is what you're supposed to
tip this pose again I throw the bowl up
in the air and you're gonna make it
catch on the side right there alright
then you get a bounce back up and make
it land in your just like this like that
all right
like that now you need to try to do that
with the other one all right then once
you get the other way that's it
switch it bounce it again
all right
I'll bet you do good you have to make it
bland exactly like that I'll sit catch
it
all right so that's basically it
so what I have to say who's rate cop
scribe from well across videos tricks
alright see ya